# Life Perspective

If it's okay with you, I'm going to ramble for a bit. It's all can do at the
moment. But since this is currently the only way I know how to write, I have
write like this if I want to get words onto the page. This definitely did not
need an explanation.

## Logical

First up, we all work from a logical basis, even when most things about
ourselves seems the opposite. There is a reason to everything. And self
contradiction is actually normal for most people. I think we can all agree that
self contradiction is not a necessarily a good thing, though it's not
necessarily bad either. It's bad in that self contradiction makes you
unpredictable and irrational. For example, people may not always do as they
preach. There may be multiple reasons, but let's assume they are in a position
to easily do what they preach. Self contradiction is good only when you realize
it. It's often one of the biggest opportunities for you grow. Once you realize
something is wrong with the way you think, you fix it and move on. The way I
said it seems simple, but in reality, fixing it may take a long time.

People are logical in that they often believe that what they're doing will help
them reach their goals. The keyword here is believe, because that belief can be
false. It reminds me of Curry's paradox which I plan to discuss later. Anyways,
people's beliefs are real but not all beliefs are true. One common belief is
that hard work will always lead to success in the end. We can immediately shut
that down by listing any number of examples. When we're working we often aren't
completely aware of our beliefs they lie in our subconcious. Being completely
aware of your beliefs is to your benefit. In order to convince other people that
what you're doing will reach your goals, it's a good idea to cross check
beliefs. It'll be weird otherwise.

## Information Assymmetry

Let's be real. There will always be something I don't know about you and
something you don't know about me. Everyday life is an imperfect information
game. No one knows everything. Conflict arises when one party assumes the other
party knows something but they actually don't. Say you're scheduling a meeting
with someone and for some odd reason, the other party had to cancel. You walk
into meeting and find no one. Frustated, you pull out your phone to give the
other party a piece of your mind. Looks like you have a new message. The message
says that the other party couldn't make it to the meeting and it was sent the
day before. Should you still be frustrated? Well, at the very least, you became
frustrated at one point. You were frustrated, because you believed the other
party will make it to the meeting. Actually, you believed with so much certainty
that you became frustrated over it.

Interactions would be more peaceful if we spent a little more time figuring out
what we know and don't know about each other. Of course, it probably won't solve
your roommate not doing the dishes. On bright side, now you know your roommate
is intentionally not doing the dishes, because you both established the fact
that your roommate knew there were dishes to be done in the sink. An
intervention may fix that problem.

## Goals

Everyone wants to reach their goals. But sometimes, we don't set the right
intermediary goals to reach our ultimate goals. Rather, I'm pretty sure it is an
everyday occurence that we don't set the right goals to reach the next
ones. Well, it's just plain difficult to set them in the first place. And the
time to make a comprehensive plan would be better used towards the goals you
already made.
